Changes in Version 1.1-3

  o Added PSID7682 data set which contains the full Cornwell & Rupert
    (1988) panel data for the years 1976-1982. This should be used
    for estimation of the Hausman-Taylor model in Exercise 6 from
    Chapter 3 (instead of PSID1982 which does not provide panel data
    but only the cross-section for 1982). See the errata and the
    manual page for more details.

  o Fixed overall Wald test in summary() for "tobit" models
    with intercept only.
    

Changes in Version 1.1-2

  o New errata item (in AER.pdf): The comment regarding the
    output from the Johansen test (p. 169) is in error. The null
    hypothesis of no cointegration is not rejected at the
    10% level (only at 15% level).

  o Enhancements of the CigarettesSW examples from Stock & Watson.
  
  o Fixed overall Wald test in summary() for "tobit" models
    without intercept.
    
  o Improved "rgl" code in the SIC33 example.

  o The variable "gender" in the Parade2005 data set was
    wrong for observation 70. It is now "male" (not "female"). 
    

Changes in Version 1.1-1

  o A new improved version of the "plm" package is available
    from CRAN (version 1.1-1). This fixes a bug in the summary()
    of "plm" objects, see the vignette/errata for details.
    Furthermore, there is now a vcovHC() method for "panelmodel"
    objects: It gives equivalent results to pvcovHC() but
    is now the recommended user interface and hence used
    in the examples of some manual pages (see e.g. ?Fatalities).


Changes in Version 1.1-0

  o Some variable names in the PSID1976 (aka Mroz) data
    have been renamed: "earnings" is now called "wage"
    (to avoid confusion with other data sets), the previous
    variable "wage" is renamed as "repwage" (reported wage).
    Currently, "earnings" is kept; it will be removed in future
    releases.

  o Documentation of the Grunfeld data has been enhanced and
    updated. Much more details are available in a recent
    technical report: Kleiber and Zeileis (2008), "The
    Grunfeld Data at 50", available from http://epub.wu-wien.ac.at/.
    
  o Multinomial logit examples using Yves Croissant's "mlogit"
    package have been added for the TravelMode and BankWages
    data sets.

  o Vignette/errata updated.
    

Changes in Version 1.0-1

  o Small changes for R 2.8.0.
  

Changes in Version 1.0-0

  o official version accompanying the release of the
    book (contains all code from the book in demos
    and tests)

  o See the new
      vignette("AER", package = "AER")
    for an overview of the package and a list of errata.


Changes in Version 0.9-0

  o release of the version used for compiling the final
    version of the book for Springer


Changes in Version 0.2-0

  o first CRAN release of the AER package
